Date: Mon, 30 Mar 2026 13:54:29 +0000
From: thebazer <thebazer@proton.me>
Subject: The bus stop chapter 1

The bus stop - chapter 1

I arrived at the bus stop to find there was a young boy already sitting
there and he didn't look very happy .

"What's the matter? You looked like you've just lost 20 quid?"

He looked up at me and had a surprised look on his face.

"How did you know that?"

Now I was the one to be confused.

"It's just an expression, have you lost some money?"

"Yes, and you're right about it being 20 quid"

"Worst things can happen, cheer up" was all I could think to say

" It's alright for you to say that, you probably have loads of money,
but I'm supposed to go on a trip to Thorpe Park today. I won't be able
to go now. I'll have to stay and do work at school"

I'm not surprised he was miserable. The choice of doing maths instead of
riding a rollercoaster wasn't much of a choice.

"Have you been to Thorpe Park before? it really is fun, you really
should find a way to go"

"Fat chance unless I rob somebody on the bus, maybe"

This caused him to get a glimmer of a smile on his face and didn't look
so miserable. In fact, he looked gorgeous. I could never resist a
gorgeous boy.

"I'll tell you what kiddo, I have got quite a lot of money, but not
lots and lots but I'm quite happy to give you 20 quid if it'll make
your day" I took my wallet out opened it, took 20 quid out and gave it
to him.

"Seriously ?"

As he said it he got up because the bus was coming round the corner and
he said "thank you so much. You have no idea how you have saved my day"
For a second I thought he was going to hug me and I think he did think of
doing that but he decided not to and he said thank you again and turned
and got onto the bus. He sat downstairs and as I passed him I gave him a
little wave and went upstairs to my usual place. I was tempted to sit
next to him, but I thought that was pushing it a bit so I went upstairs.

20 quid was a small price to pay to see that little boy smile again, he
really was gorgeous. I've seen him around quite a few times and we even
spoke once before at the very same bus stop. I shouldn't think he
would've remembered, but I certainly remembered because he was lovely
then too!

In fact, it gave me a great feeling and I was smiling for the rest of the
day so it was certainly worth 20 quid .

This was not the end, however ......

I usually get up early but for some reason I hadn't risen early the
following day, when I heard the door banging at 7:15. I leapt out of bed,
put on my dressing gown, opened the front door to find the cute little
boy from yesterday standing there holding a 20 quid note in his hand and
sporting a huge smile.

"My mum said I have to give this to you"

"Oh, I wasn't expecting it back. Did you have a good day?"

"It was absolutely brilliant, and I really think you are such a kind
person and I'm so grateful to you . Anyway, it wouldn't be right to
keep the money because I actually found mine. I thought I had put it in
my pocket yesterday but it must've fallen out because my mum found it on
the floor in the sitting room"

He pushed the money towards me and I took it from him as I did this I
touched his hand and it sent electric shockwaves through me. It was so
soft and smooth.  I must've betrayed my pleasure because he looked at me
and said "The other reason I had to give the money back was because my
mum said you're probably a pedo". He had a rather knowing grin on his
face.

"Why would she say that? "

"I asked her the same thing and she said it was because strange men
don't just give boys money for nothing, they usually expect something
back"

"I did get something back. It gave me a good feeling all day and it made
you smile which made me happy so don't worry about it. I don't want
anything else from you"

I do believe he actually looked disappointed unless of course it was me
just being hopeful.

"Oh, okay I better get  to school,  thanks again" he turned and went
towards the bus stop.

This was still not the end.....

A few days later, I was working in the garden when little cutie came
past. He stopped and had a chat. The first thing he said was to tell me
that his name was Daniel and asked me what mine was.I told him that mine
was Bryan. He held out his hand and I shook it. Once again I got that
electric shock - it was so pleasant to touch the gorgeous little
creature.

This caused him to get that knowing grin on his face again. "Are you
sure you're not a pedo?" he laughed.

"Listen Daniel if I was a pedo you'd be quite safe. What are you? 12,
13?

"12, How do you work that out? I mean, about me being safe from a pedo?
Aren't I pretty enough?" Sassy kid I thought!

"Strictly speaking pedos like little kids, like eight years old"

"Oh" he said, and once again, I am certain I detected a slight look of
disappointment.

"I better go home now, thank you again bye" He turned and walked up the
road.


Once again, this was still not the end.....

My house was obviously on his route to and from school because again the
following day he walked past at about 3.15  and I and I was again working
in the garden.

"Hi" he said

"Hi yourself" I replied

This caused him to give a little giggle and a grin. He obviously wanted
to chat again.

"So if a pedo only likes 8 year olds  what do they call somebody likes
12-year-olds?" I immediately saw his ploy, he was trying to trap me.

"I really couldn't tell you why do you ask?"

"Well,  I thought if you like 12-year-olds you might know what they were
called". He was sharp!

"And what makes you think I like 12--year-olds?"

"I'm not being rude, but I've seen the way you look at me"

"Well, Daniel, I'm sure everybody looks at you the same way, you are an
incredibly beautiful boy and I'm sure you know that; one wouldn't have
to be a pedo to appreciate beauty" There, I said it and if that
frightens him well too bad, I haven't actually done anything except
speak the truth.

Well, he didn't run away. He just gave me the most genuine lovely
smile  and said "oh well,  see you!" and turned and walked, almost ran
up the road again.

This again was not the end....

The following day I wasn't actually working in the garden although I was
really tempted because I would have liked to see Daniel again and I knew
now what time he tended to walk past, but I didn't want to give him any
ideas that maybe I was stalking him or whatever they say, although it
would be him stalking me because I would've been in my own garden. But
I worry too much.

I was actually sitting in the conservatory reading a book when I heard
the door bell go. I wasn't expecting anybody and I usually go and look
through the window in case it was somebody trying to sell something. And
this is exactly what I did and was surprised to see a nervous looking
Daniel standing there.

I opened the door and with a quick hello pushed past me into the house.

"I know this is rude, but please, I would like to talk to you"

"Okay, no problem. Would you like a drink?"

"No thanks, I'm fine"

"Well, let's go through to the conservatory and sit down and we can
have a chat. What do you need to talk about?"

" You're a bit thick, I've been trying to give you hints. This is
awkward. Can I ask you to promise you won't say anything to anybody if
you don't like what I'm going to say?"

"I promise"

"Are you really sure?"

"I'm really sure I promise. I won't say anything to anyone. You can
tell me anything except that you've killed your mother or something like
that because then I'll have to tell somebody" I laughed.

This eased his tension a little and he gave a little smile.

"So Daniel I do have all day, but I like to know what you need to talk
about"

He was really squirming and he was looking at the floor.

"Come on, it can't be that bad."

"Well, I don't think it's that bad, but you might and everybody else
might, that's what I'm worried about"

"Well, I wouldn't worry about it because it doesn't look like you're
going to tell me anyway"

Okay, remember you said most people look at me in that way that I say you
looked at me ? well it's true,  and I've had all sorts of weird ideas
and feelings and I'm very confused about it all"

"And....."

"Well, like all boys my age I have been looking at porn online."

"And...."

"I am so desperate to get a blowjob. I have been tempted to ask one of
my mates, but I don't think that'll be a good idea cause it would be
like committing suicide. My life would be hell if they didn't like the
idea and told everybody. My life is often tough because I'm pretty; they
tease me quite a lot as it is"

"Okay," I said I; I was beginning to understand "So this is where I
come in, you are hoping I would give you a blow job because you think I
fancy you. And you certainly have been making hints about this. Trying to
find out if I did in fact fancy you. Yes?"

He still wouldn't look at me, but he quietly whispered a yes.

He was really struggling and I didn't want to make him suffer so I got
up put my hand under his chin, made him look at me and I said "Daniel I
will do anything for you. I promise I will do it, just ask. I want to be
sure that's what you want and that I'm not coercing you into doing
anything. Now, is that really what you want? you have to say to me :
please Brian will you suck my dick."

I was still gently touching him under the chin and he looked me in the
eyes and he repeated the words exactly as I had asked him to. Gawd he was
lovely.

"No problem, Danielle. Your wishes are my desire. There's just one
thing. It's a hot day and you've probably been sweating; is your dick
clean?"

"I don't know, I should think so. It's been in my pants day"

"When did you shower? last night or this morning?" I thought that if it
was last night as opposed to this morning then we'd delay doing the
deed.....a gungy cock would spoil everything.

"This morning"

"And when you shower, did you wash your dick?"

"I always give it a good wash when I shower, yes"

"Well, let's go through to the sitting room and get you lying on the
sofa for your first ever wonderful blow job."

"Really!? you're going to do it now?" I've never seen a boy go from
looking apprehensive to absolutely ecstatic within half a second.



Let me know if you'd like to hear how Daniel enjoyed his first ever blow
job and how he manipulated Bryan into more exciting things.....


