Date: Tue, 31 Mar 2026 09:17:36 +0000
From: thebazer <thebazer@proton.me>
Subject: The bus stop chapter 2

The bus stop chapter 2

"Follow me" I said

We went through to the sitting room where I have a three seater leather
settee which would be ideal to have Daniel lie flat on his back  and have
his gorgeous little cock sucked. Not that I've seen his little cock but
if it's half as beautiful as he is then it's going to be gorgeous.

"Okay, Daniel, time to get you naked!"

"What? you mean take all my clothes off? you're only going to suck my
cock aren't you?"

"Yes but I assume you can cum and we don't want to make a mess of your
clothes do we? Plus I'm doing you this big favour so I think you can do
me a favour by letting me see you naked because I think I'm going to
enjoy that"

"Okay, I guess so" He started taking his clothes off, starting with his
shirt and then his shoes and then his trousers. When he was down to his
pants only he pointlessly turned round and had his back to me to remove
them. I say pointless because after all, not only am I  going to shortly
see it but I'm actually going to have it in my mouth! There was actually
a huge benefit in him facing away because as he bent down to collect his
pants I was fortunate enough to get a quick glimpse of his gorgeous
little hole. It was indeed a quick glimpse, but hopefully if I plan
things carefully, I'm going to see more of that! Like all British boys
of his upbringing, he was uncircumcised. His dick was furiously hard and
pointing straight to the sky. It was about 4 inches long and his foreskin
skin had retracted ever so slightly so you could see the knob poking
through. It was quite thin which I like; it was probably about as thick
as my thumb. There was not a hair to be seen.

Daniel had a shy, sort of self-conscious smile on his face.

"And now?" he said

"Okay, Daniel lie on the settee and put your head on the armrest"

"Ooh, the chair is cold!" Being leather it would be I guess.

"Don't panic, you're going to be extra hot very shortly" I laughed

I sat on the edge and positioned myself so my right hand could easily
reach his little dick.

"Daniel, I've got a request. You don't have to agree. I'm quite happy
if you don't but I would like to do something special if you don't
mind"

" I'm not really sure I like the sound of that"

"Well, you don't know what it is yet"

"I'll see; tell me" he said nervously

" I want to enjoy this experience as much as you so I would like to
start by kissing you, and when I kiss you I would like to use my hands to
stroke your nipples and then I want to work my way down to the prize,
which is your gorgeous little cock. After playing with your nipples with
my hands, I will then move my mouth to them and suck on them for a bit
and my hands will move down to your dick and balls and I'll play with
those while I am sucking your nipples. Then I will move my mouth slowly
down your bellybutton and take your cock into my mouth and give you the
best blowjob "

"I hope you're not offended, but to be honest, I don't really like the
idea of you kissing me on the mouth . But I can't really disagree though
because you're going to be doing me the ultimate pleasure. But please,
not too much kissing on the mouth, just a little"

Well, that was a result. I was expecting him to be absolutely horrified
and say no.

I haven't really told you what he looks like . He is slim, not skinny;
absolutely perfectly proportioned. He has the beautiful peaches and cream
bloom of a lovely white English boy. His hair was mostly straight with a
slightly dark blonde tinge to it. It was longish and usually flopped over
his eyes. He was always pulling it out of the way with his hands. His
lips were a typical bow shaped; absolutely kissable. I think I could have
an orgasm just by kissing him. This is going to be the most fantastic
experience ever.

" okay Daniel here goes....." I moved my head slowly to him and put my
lips gently on his lips. He did not respond and kept his mouth closed.
Better than nothing that's for sure. I used my tongue on his lips and
while doing so my hands roamed over his nipples. His nipples were puffy,
but now they had gone hard. I didn't spend too much time kissing him
because he clearly didn't like it, so I moved my mouth onto his nipples
and this he certainly did like because he started squealing a bit. I'm
guessing his nipples were extra sensitive. While suckling on those
gorgeous nipples I used my hands to slowly move down to his little penis
which felt furiously hard and soft at the same time. His little balls
were probably the size of large marbles and they were quite movable in
his sack. They weren't tight.

" if you carry on like this, I'm going to cum and then I'm not going
to get my blowjob. Please can you start sucking me" he said
breathlessly.

" Daniel, you are young. You could probably cum another six times in the
next two hours. I wouldn't worry about it. I promise you I will suck you
as well." And I realised when I said that, that's exactly what I was
going to do. I'm going to make him come as many times as possible in the
next few hours. While I was desperate to get his cock in my mouth, I was
also thoroughly enjoying playing with it with my hands. I sat up to watch
while I gently wanked him. He started writhing and humping.

"Aaargh I'm going to cum" and with that he started spurting. The first
jet hit him in the face. There were at least another six further spurts,
each of lessening strength. I slowed my pace and gently milked him. I was
tempted to lick the cum off my hand but I didn't want to freak him out.
Besides, I'm going to suck him later anyway so I'll get the chance to
taste it then. I reached to the tissues that are on the side table and
took a bunch out and wiped him up.

Daniel's heavy breathing had now got back to normal and he had a huge
smile on his face. " that was incredible - that was the best wank I've
ever had"

His cock had started to soften. In this state it was probably only about
an inch and a half long, but it was still absolutely beautiful. The
foreskin itself was probably a quarter of an inch long. This was a big
turn on for me.

"How about we have a Coke before we go onto the next stage?" I
suggested.

"Great, that little activity made me thirsty" he laughed.

When I returned with the drinks, he was now sitting up. I gave him his
drink, sat down next to him and put my arm around him. Just doing that
was an amazing experience.

I cannot believe how lucky I am.

"K" he said " time for my blow job" as he handed me his empty glass.
I took the glasses to the kitchen and I returned to find him lying flat
on his back again. His little cock was still soft. This was great because
I was looking forward to feeling it get hard in my mouth.

I got into position. His dick was now starting to get stiff so I took it
between my fingers and thumb and lifted it up so that I was able to get
it into my mouth. It was instantly it's 4 inches again. I was careful
not to get my teeth in the way and I slowly bobbed up and down. Each time
I went down, I made my mouth a little tighter and my tongue was used to
push his foreskin slowly down. After about the fourth bob his foreskin
was able to go completely down. This was driving him absolutely wild. I
could hardly keep him in my mouth as he was thrashing about. He was
letting out little squealing whimpers. I'm guessing it was about 30
seconds before he started squirting again. Probably about six jets and
every single one of them was into my mouth. I swallowed the lot. I would
be lying if I said it tasted nice because it tasted a bit bleachy, but it
wasn't altogether unpleasant. But it was the whole idea of it that
turned me on. I had the most furious hard on I've ever had.

About a minute later. Danielle`s breathing was back to normal, and once
again he had that huge smile on his face.

" THAT was incredible"

"THAT was incredible for me too" I laughed.

" So Daniel, what do we do now?"

"I had better get dressed and go home or my mum will be wondering where
the hell I am"

I have to admit, I was a bit disappointed because I was hoping to have
another suck of that lovely little penis.

It wasn't necessary to clean his cock because it was clean. I made sure
of that when I licked him after sucking him off!

A minute later saw him completely dressed. He grabbed his bags and was
walking towards the door. At the door, he turned round and gave me a big
hug.

" Bryan, you have no idea how much I enjoyed that; do you think we could
do it again?"

" absolutely! whenever you want. I'm always here"

" how about same time tomorrow? I'll come here after school again."

" that would be fantastic"

Another huge smile from the gorgeous creature and as he opened the door
he turned round and said goodbye and he was off.


You guessed it! within about 10 seconds I was on my back having the most
satisfying wank I've ever had. I replayed that 20 minutes over my head
while doing it.



Now - will Bryan get to see more if Daniel's hole? Let me know if you'd
like me to pen chapter 3!



