Date: Sat, 2 Jan 2021 19:03:44 -0500
From: Mike Tall <swimfrat420@gmail.com>
Subject: Bred in Secret by Asian Instagay

Being gay in LA, you meet tons of absurdly hot people. One day, you're
scrolling Instagram liking pictures of guys with 8 pack abs, the next day
you're running into them at the gym, a bar, or a house party. Over the
years, I've fallen into a friend group that could make even the most
hydrated of gays thirsty, all thanks to my best friend, Sam. We met two
years ago in Palm Springs and hit it off--now, we're practically
brothers.
Sam is 6'4 and 210 lbs,, blond hair, blue eyes--the spitting image of a
Nordic god. I'm no shrimp myself, at 6'2, but a little bit on the skinny
side, at around 170 lbs. What can I say? I used to run track. I've got
long brown hair that nearly reaches my shoulders, brown eyes, and a pale,
freckled complexion. I'm not unattractive by any means, in fact, I'd say
I'm pretty good looking! But when you're constantly surrounded by tens in
one of the hottest cities in the world, it can fuck with your self image
a bit. Also, the fact that I am now 29 and have never been in a serious
relationship is not helping matters.
Anyways, a few weeks ago, Sam decided to throw a house party. His house
was sick, three floors and he only had one roommate--coming from money
had its perks. All the usual suspects were invited, gym friends, party
friends, and everyone even tangentially friendly with our core friend
group. One in particular was one of Sam's old vacation buddy Christopher,
a gorgeous asian instagay. 6 feet tall and 175 lbs, he had high
cheekbones and a six pack for days. Christopher and me were always
friendly, but his confidence felt like arrogance and he always seemed a
little full of himself.
He had brought with him Jay, a 22 year old, gymnast that barely reached
his chin, the latest in a long line of bottoms that he would date and
dump as soon as they started getting frustrated by his "no labels" policy
and tried to get him to commit. Christopher's reputation was well known
as a total top (with an ass to die for) that has a revolving door of guys
going through his bedroom. Being a total bottom myself (and one that many
people assume is a top) and having little confidence to flirt with
strangers means I spend a lot of time playing the wallflower, but even if
I was feeling confident, I would know to steer clear of Christopher.
"Hey Jeremy, how's it going?" he said, his deep voice reverberating
through my body as he gave me a hug. He did the standard introduction of
little Jay to me and Sam and then kept it moving, ushering him by the ass
out to the balcony to catch up with some of his friends. Like I said,
politely friendly, but I'm pretty sure if I wasn't friends with Sam, he
would probably walk right by me in a bar.
The night progressed and people got progressively more fucked up. Drinks
were flowing, powder was being cut and doses were downed. By the time 2am
rolled around, I was sufficiently wasted. Me and Sam are dancing in the
living room and I see Christopher usher a very out of it Jay into an uber
before returning to the party.
He joins us on the dancefloor by looping behind Sam and giving me a small
smirk.
"Where'd the child bride go," Sam asked, yelling over the blaring music.
"Home. He got a little too fucked up...I think he was nervous."
Christopher shrugged.
"Your first time hanging out with the big kids is always tough. I get
it." I said.
Christopher looked at me and laughed.
"What a nice way of calling us old, Jeremy." He said, winding around Sam
and throwing his arm around me.
"We are NOT old. He is just VERY young." I said, the liquid courage doing
wonders as I stared into his eyes. He paused and for the first time I
felt like he had really noticed me. In fact, his assessing gaze looked
almost predatory.
We continued dancing for the next hour, and Christopher spent equal time
between me and Sam grinding on us. The attention felt nice and I was
getting a little heated, even though he just seemed to be messing around
and having a good time.

Sam and Christopher walked outside to go talk to some of the stragglers
smoking cigarettes and pot on the balcony and I went to the kitchen to
grab my self some water, already way too drunk for how late it was. I
went upstairs to go to the top floor for the bathroom and some privacy as
the upstairs was quiet and empty.
I splashed some water on my face and looked in the mirror, assessing the
damage to see how wasted I was. All in all, I was a little sweaty, but
looking good. No bloodshot eyes, no shit on my face. I smoothed my hair
back and opened the door and on the other side was Christopher.
"Hey," he said, leaning against the doorframe .
"Hey," I said, surprised. "Does the bathroom downstairs have a line or
something?"
"Or something," he replied, with his tiny half smile on his face. He
entered the bathroom head on, making me step back to make way for him. We
kept walking until my hands were against the sink countertop. "I wanted
to chat with you."
"About what?" I laughed nervously.
"Well, you've been looking really great lately," he said, leaning forward
so that his hands brushed over mine. "I've always kind of wondered why we
never hooked up."
"I don't know. You've just always been Sam's friend. And you never seemed
that interested before."
He signed. "Maybe there was a part of me that thought it might've been
awkward because of Sam? Too many questions. Too much attention. I don't
really like people knowing my business."
"I got news for you, dude. A lot of people seem to know your business."
He laughed. "That's just the tip of the iceberg. If you knew what I did
that they didn't know about, you'd be hard as rock." He paused. "Or who."
His hand snaked under to graze my crotch. "But it looks like you seem to
be doing quite well without any particulars."
I blushed and opened my mouth to say something but nothing came out.
Christopher took advantage of the silence and grabbed me by the hand.
"Come with me."
And just like that, I was following him, like my body was on autopilot.
We walked down to the end of the hall and turned into the guest bedroom.
He ushered me in and locked the door behind me.
"Christopher, I--" I began, but he came from behind me and wrapped his
wrists around my waist, grinding his crotch into my ass.
"Look, Jere," he breathed into my ear. "You look so good tonight. That
ass is all I've been looking at tonight."
"What about Jay?" I asked.
He turned me around and gave me another one of his arrogant smirks.
"Jay and I are dating, but we aren't exclusive. And what he doesn't know
won't hurt him. Or Sam for that matter. What do you say? Just between
us."
I paused, my mouth slightly open in shock. That opening us all he needed
as he leaned forward, hands lightly holding my cheeks as we put his lips
to mine. When his tongue entered my mouth, I almost short circuited,
having no idea how exactly I got there or that this was how my night was
going to go. The kiss slowly grew more passionate and his hands started
to grip my face firmly as he dominantly explored every inch of my mouth.
I felt like my soul was being sucked through my body.
He removed his hands and looked at me, as if waiting for an answer. At
this point, I was drunk, horny and completely on board. Through hazed,
lusty eyes, I nodded and said the word he'd been waiting for.
"Yes."
He gave me a rare smile that showed his pearly lights. "Okay, baby. Our
little secret."
His hands slowly shifted to my shoulders as he began to put pressure on
them. I took the hint and got on my knees. As I did this he take off his
shirt, revealing that absolutely shredded six pack, his body was slender,
but still athletic, and totally cut, each muscle seemingly jutting out
his torso. His skin looked soft and golden against the light from the
street coming in through the windows. As my hands slid down his hairless
chess and rubbing every abdominal, I reached his jeans and began to
button them, pulling them down.
I look up and see him staring down at me in his underwear.
"Hands down," he told me. I did as he commanded and watched as his thumbs
hooked around his brief and slowly pulled them down. Out flopped his semi
erect cock, nearly hitting me in the face. It was a solid 7, 7.5 inches,
uncut and thick.
"Open wide," he said. Ashamed, but horny as hell I looked up at his
smirking face with my mouth open, tongue out while he slapped his cock
around my face.
"Now show me why all the other boys say you're a hot fuck," he whispered
as he stuck his dick in my mouth. He slid it in to the base and waited,
holding my face to his crotch. "Nice. This will be fun," he said, after a
few seconds without a hint of a gag reflex.
He proceeded to pump in and out of my mouth with long, steady strokes,
and I did my best to take it all. My dick was rock hard in my jeans as he
firmly gripped the back of my head, only occasionally releasing to push
me onto his balls or to slap my cheeks with his thick fleshy cock.
All of a sudden, he pulled off me. "Get naked, now." He ordered with a
start, I began to strip quickly, revealing my thin but muscled body. My
dick was nothing special, nearly 6 inches, but my ass was fat and fleshy.
He looked at me up and down, assessing all angles.
"With an ass like that, and a dick like that, thank god you're a bottom,"
he laughed before grabbing me by the arms and pushing me down to the
floor, despite the bed being right there.
"Push that fat ass out," he whispered in my ear as he got behind me. I
heard the sound of him pushing down his pants to his angles and then felt
him press a bottle against my nose.
"Sniff," he commanded, the bottle of poppers beneath my nose smelt
incredibly strong. He made me take 4 long huffs and next thing I knew, I
felt high in the sky. I slowly flattened my body again the rug except for
my ass which I kept elevated.
"I wish I knew earlier you were such a slut, Jeremy," he said his deep
voice echoing across the room, his voice magnified by the surrounding
silence. I felt his wet tip slowly rub against my hole and I paused. I
wasn't on prep and we hadn't talked about condoms.
"Push out and take my raw cock, baby." He commanded before I could say
anything, slowly thrusting into my hole, which gave right away, helped by
the poppers. I cried out as he collapsed on top of me and covered my
mouth with his hand.
"Shhhhh, be a good bitch and take my cock quietly. You don't want Sam to
come down here and walk in on you getting bred by his buddy, do you? I
won't tell if you don't." Christopher kept his voice low but it still
carried which made it even more hypnotic. Soon all I could here was the
occasional dirty talk, Christopher's moans and heavy breathing and the
slap of his thighs against my ass.
"Damn, this is good pussy. We may have to work something out, Jeremy. I
think I may want this whole more often." I gasped, my body flexed and
silent, the tip of my hard dick lightly grazing the top of the carpet
with each thrust.
Suddenly, he pulled me up to my knees, not hesitating or pausing at all
between his thrusts, but wrapping one arm around my neck and the other my
dick, pumping my hard cock and he pumped me full of him.
"I'm gonna cum soon. Gonna fill you up deep and give you my load. It was
meant for Jay, but now it's all yours. Tell me you want it, baby."
Between the pounding I was getting and getting jerked off, I was nearly
delirious in pleasure. I let out a quiet but high pitched whine and said,
"Please give me your load."
I heard his laugh behind me, a short one to go with his heavy breathing
as he thrust deeply into me. "I'm ready to breed you, whore. Take it." He
thrust in one last time and I felt his entire body weight fall on me as
his hand left my dick and forced to the ground, where he rocked into me,
seeding me with pump after pump of his uncut dick. I felt his dick pulse
inside me a few times as he laid completely on top of me, as far deep in
as he could go.
Slowly, I felt him come to a stop and he relaxed for a second on top of
me. After a moment, he exhaled and pushed him self out of me.
"Stay there," he said. I was still frozen and waited, still panting
heavily and completely aroused as I still had not cum yet. I heard him
pulling up his pants and buckling his jeans.
"Stick that fat pussy up and push out." He whispered one last command.
Almost on auto pilot, I did as he said and felt a trickle of cum ooze out
of my hole.
"Nice," he said to himself and I saw a flash fill the room. Not having
looked his way yet, I wasn't sure what it was and froze up.
"Remember: our little secret. See you soon, Jeremy." And just like that,
he walked out of the room before I could even say anything, leaving the
door open behind him.
I finally turned around and immediately jerked myself off. Shooting out 5
thick shots all over my chest after after ten strokes. I laid there on
the floor completely covered in my cum and filled with someone else's. I
slowly got dressed and walked back up to the party, where luckily nobody
had even noticed I had gone. I found out later that Christopher I said he
was driving home to check on Jay right after I had left to get a drink
and go downstairs. I guess he made a quick pit stop along the way.
I've seen Christopher out a few times since that night, a few times while
he was with Jay, and we never acknowledged what had happened. Although
sometimes I can feel his eyes on me and a part of me wonders if he's just
waiting for me to come crawling to him, begging for his cock before we
can have a repeat performance.

