Date: Fri, 3 Apr 2026 02:26:55 -0400
From: Mike Tall <swimfrat420@gmail.com>
Subject: Bred in Secret Pt 2

Two years went by and a lot had changed. I moved across the country to
New York, leaving Sam and the rest of my LA friends behind. I was eager
to get a fresh start, and shed the skin of the tall skinny bottom who
kept to himself and in the shadow of his beautiful shallow friends.


Sam turned out to be a typical LA user and after dicking me over one too
many times, we no longer spoke. I still saw him on my feed, occasionally
with his other friends, living his best life, and was happy to wish him
well, from afar. Occasionally I saw Chris, who had dumped Jay maybe six
months after our house party encounter.


In the meantime, I used moving to a new city as an opportunity to change
my image as well as my mindset. I packed on 25 pounds of muscle, and was
now almost 200 lbs, still lean, but defined. Lucky for me, a lot of those
pounds went directly to my ass, giving it even more heft and a bit of an
advantage in the highly competitive New York dating scene.


However, that advantage only went so far. I was good for a fuck, but it
never developed beyond that. Guys didn't seem interested in taking
things further with me beyond that. I was a bit shy and guarded to be
free, and I also didn't have any of the insane wealth or beauty that
seemed to be viable bargaining chips in a dating scene that was always
centered around finding mutually beneficial connections.


I have to admit, my tastes were also becoming more selective with time. I
didn't like to top, and I didn't like being topped by guys that didn't
self identify as total tops. I wanted men that only fucked and bred, and
I wanted to find a man to choose me, and breed me whenever he could.


One night, I was scrolling on Grindr and I got a message from your
typical shredded torso.6 feet, 185, golden skin, shredded stomach, broad
chest. Marked solely as a top: bingo The profile said "dl but hot lol."
I replied back saying hello. He asked what I was into and I gave my usual
spiel, "sub bottom, looking for dominant total tops etc"


"Pics?" the profile asked.


I sent one of my body, two of my ass, one showing exposed hole, and one
of my face, a little bit from afar.


The profile sent four back: one body shot, one of some weird tropical
location showing his feet, and two of a very mouth watering uncut dick:
uncut, thick, looking like it's 7.5 pushing 8 inches. The perfect size
for me, in my opinion.


"Very hot man," I replied. "And looks like you're close." It said he
was only 2500 feet away. "You looking for now?"


The next message came in. "Is this Jeremy?"


My stomach dropped. Who knew where this was going? I've had some horror
stories in the past.

"Who is this?" I sent another message. "Yeah tho, why?"


The reply came back right away. "You don't know?"


And then the picture came in, the same body shot, but without the face
cropped out. It was Christopher Chen. Heat rushed to my face.


"Well now I do. Why are you in the city? And why does your profile say
dl?"


"I just moved here.

Or we just moved here.

Me and my bf. I came early. He gets here on Monday."


I took a beat. I hadn't been keeping up with Christopher's life. Now
that I thought about it, I did think I remember him getting a new
boyfriend. In fact, he kind of looked like me: white, brown hair, lean
muscle.


"Cool," I replied.


The next message came in. "Send your address."


I paused. Jay was gone. And our last hook up was years ago. Did I want to
go back to this well? I wasn't sure...until I really thought about last
time. It was super hot, and he felt so good inside me. And time has gone
by. I've gotten a lot bigger. Maybe things will be different.


Decision made, I sent my address.


"I'll be there in 10 minutes. Leave your door open and wait for me. Ass
up."


My body on autopilot, I made sure I was all systems go, turned on some
music and immediately assumed the position on my bed. I lived in a studio
so my bed faced the door on the other side of the room. A mirror stood on
the other side of my bed, giving me a few of the door and myself from
behind, so I could keep an eye on the door.


I put on a small jockstrap that really hugged and pushed up my even
plumper ass. I was not sure what to expect. What has Christopher been up
to in the years since? I always had some kind of bitterness and
resentment towards him for never hitting me up again after what I thought
was a very hot fuck. Was it not as hot for him as I thought it was?


Before I could fully process, I heard the door open, light spilling into
my dimly lit apartment from the hallway. I kept my head down but still
peeked up at the mirror so I could watch him as he walked in.


Christopher Chen was still hot as fuck. He had grown his hair out, making
it fall in loose waves past his ears and over his eyes. I saw him shut
the door and slowly approach the bed, taking off his shoes and jacket as
he went. He came to the foot of the bed, eyes lasered focused on my ass.
I could tell he liked what he saw.


"Damn, Jeremy." He caressed my ass. "Pictures really don't do this
thing justice." With a flick of his wrist he gave my ass a hard slap,
reverberating throughout the room. He got down on his knees. "You
juicing or something?"


"No," I mumbled shyly, secretly pleased that he gave me the Chen stamp
of approval. "Just been a few years since we last met."


He got down on his knees, his face no longer in the mirror's line of
vision. "Well allow me to get reacquainted with that pink pussy."
before grabbing my ass, spreading my cheeks, and diving in to eat my
hole.


When his tongue touched my hole, I let out a long breathy moan. I hadn't
been fucked in weeks, so I'd been needing a load and damn, did I forget
how good he ate hole. His tongue was thick and long and he flicked in and
out like an expert.


With another sharp gasp I heard his laugh hum from my hole. "Good boy.
If I remembered how sweet this hole tasted, I would have come back for
seconds sooner."


He leaned back and started jiggling my ass cheeks, watching them clap in
the wind. "Doesn't hurt that you've made all the upgrades."


He gave my ass another hard spank and rose up. I watched from the mirror
as he slowly stripped off his shirt. Time did his body good too, his abs
still rippled, but his body seemed a bit more muscled from last time. He
undid his pants and pulled them down, bringing his underwear along with
them. His hard cock, bounced up and slapped his stomach, he looked in the
mirror and for the first time our eyes locked, the light from the tv
casting shadows across his high cheekbones and perfectly sculpted face.


"Hi, boy," he said. "Now get over here and suck my dick."


I spun around and slid off the bed, immediately going to my knees to
kneel below him.


"Open your mouth." He commanded. "Stick out that tongue."


My wide eyes met his slanted ones as I obeyed. He gave me that cocky
smirk as he slapped my dick along my tongue. I let out a little moan,
hungry for just a taste but content to take what he'd give me. He
watched my submission in amusement, running his hand through my hair and
he gave a grunt in satisfaction.


"Hungry boy. I've got a big load saved up right now. Haven't come in
days. You're going to help me out, right?"


I nodded slowly, my eyes never leaving his, my tongue darting up to his
lap, his dick whenever he brought it close enough, teasing me.


"I missed that hungry look in your eyes. So desperate. My Grindr profile
is getting deleted tomorrow,  so I'm glad we could reconnect. Aren't
you, Jere?"


"Yes, Chris," I whispered. "You're so hot."


"I know, babe. I know."


"Why are you deleting your profile?"


He cocked his head.


"It's been a while babe. He said, avoiding the question. "Now, did you
ever tell anyone about us? Sam?"


I shook my head. "Nobody."


"Good boy. I like that you can keep a secret. I'll fill you in later.
But first I think you need to prove to me that you're worth keeping a
few more. Let's see how you can handle my cock. I think I remember it
being like 7 out of 10 head last time. You're going to need to up your
score this time. Do you think you can do that?"


Confused by his evasiveness, and slightly put off that he was negging me
on my blowjob last time, I slowly nodded my head.


"We'll see about that." And as his hand gripped the hair on the back
of my head, he slowly lowered his dick, throbbing and foreskin fully
retracted, into my mouth and down my throat.


It was still thick, and felt full as he filled my mouth, but my gag
reflex had been well trained over the past few years and as I took him to
the back of my throat, I didn't gag once. He moaned pleasurably as my
tongue weaved across the underside of his dick.


He held his dick as deep as it would go for ten seconds while I massaged
it with my throat. He let out another grunt and released my hair from his
fist.


"You have picked up a few tricks, haven't you. Now show me what else
you got."


That command was all I needed. My hand gripped the base of his dick and I
went to town, bobbing up and down on his cock, stroking while I went. I
took pauses at his head to link in and under the foreskin, teasing his
tip with my tongue before plunging back and taking him down my throat
again. I kept an ear up, listening to every grunt, moan and sigh he gave
to try to pick up on what he liked and what was giving him pleasure. I
took breaks between using my hands and just my mouth. Time passed but I
wasn't keeping track of it. When he leaned over to grab my cheeks and
grip and handful of my beefy flesh in his hands, I went down to
deepthroat him to the base again. I held myself there and moaned, trying
to suck his soul out through his cock.


He exhaled deeply and then pulled my head off his cock as he rose to full
height. I lost my balance and my butt hit the floor and leaned back
looking up at him as his dick throbbed, wet with my spit and pulsatingly
hard. I saw a little bead of precum on the edge of his tip.


Before I could think, I felt his hand slap my face. Not super hard. But
it stunned me. He made a little grunt.


"Naughty boy. You were about to make me cum. But that's not where my
load is going. Not tonight. Get on your back." he gestured lazily to my
bed.


Before I could even think about it, I spidercrawled backwards onto the
bed, my muscled front now fully exposed as he loomed over me. He looked
at me with an appraising look before giving another smirk and crawling on
top of me. Grabbing my dick, he gave a derisive laugh.


"I guess some things can't be upgraded, huh? But that's ok, baby. I
like using a little joystick to help guide me into this pussy."


He used his other hand to spray my legs wide, fully exposing my pink hole
to him as he started rubbing his dick up and along the rim, teasing me. I
was transfixed by his face, studying every feature as a thin line of spit
dribbled down his mouth and onto my pussy.


"I think this is all the lube we need. I think you've been ready for me
for years now."


And he slowly started to push in. I gave a low moan as I watched him
slide into me to the base, my eyes never leaving his as he  triumphantly
claimed me once more.


"Oh my god," I groaned. "Fuck."


"Yeah, babe, me too. Fuck I missed that pussy."


He slowly started increasing his pump, his abs rippling with each thrust
and as he worked his cock all the way in. I felt him slide his hand up my
torso before wrapping around my throat, giving me a tight squeeze before
holding me in place.


"You know, I've talked to Sam recently. You came up," He said almost
conversationally, timing his cadence with his increasingly fast thrusts.
"Before he used to talk shit about you. Said you weren't that cute,
were whiny and insecure. He would always talk shit on you, that you were
desperate for a boyfriend. When I talked to him, he actually said that
you had gotten a glow up. It made me curious, especially because he was
always your number one opp. And then I looked and he was right. You
had."


He started jackhammering me, puncturing each word with a hard thrust,
nearly taking his dick out before driving all the way in.


"But unlike him, I had seen potential from the jump. Which is why I took
a chance on you at that party. Fucked you while Jay was passed out in the
uber home. And it was even hotter because I saw how grateful you were. It
turned me on. You were grateful, weren't you Jeremy?"


My face was flushed, from the lack of air or the embarrassment, I
couldn't tell.


"Yes," I rasped.


He started slowing down.


"Good boy. Always be honest with me. Now flip over, I don't want to see
that leaky baby clit anymore."


I flipped over and got on all fours, grateful that I was still able to
watch him as he reentered me, thanks to my floor length bedside mirror.


He let out an exhale of breath and slapped my ass again hard.


"Damn, look at how fat that ass is now. It more than makes up for
what's lacking in the front."


He resumed thrusting, looking at me through the mirror as he did.


"Now, you asked why I was deleting my profile by the end of the weekend,
and I think you've earned an answer. My boyfriend is moving into our new
apartment on Monday. You may not know I had one. It's been six months,
but he's not big on social media. He's a trust fund brat. Pretty boy.
Loaded. But privileged. And traditional. He doesn't do open
relationships. In fact, we're technically closed, even though we're
actually as closed as your pussy is open right now. But what he doesn't
know won't hurt him."


His hands slid up my back, gripping my shoulders.


"I promised him that I'd be faithful. And I intend to keep
that...mostly. Can't be on Grindr openly cheating on him when he's
putting our whole rent on his Daddy's Am-Ex. But I have needs. Needs
that need to be filled. And while my man has many redeemable qualities,
he is sadly a very boring lay. And that's where you come in. I need some
pussy on the side. Discrete, secret, slutty side pussy. On my beck and
call when I need it. Willing to do the things he won't. And you're good
at keeping secrets, and a ten minute walk away."

As he spoke, my brain went into overdrive, trying to process all this
information while feeling intense pleasure as his thick uncut cock reamed
me out. I knew he had a boyfriend, but I didn't know the specifics. Why
would I? And do I care?


Before I could process, he pulled out of me and turned me over again,
pulling my legs towards him and throwing them over his shoulders before
plunging into me again. This time his strokes were sensuous, seductive as
he leaned forward, folding me in half as he continued his pitch.


"So what do you say? I never hit you up again. I know you were sore
about that. I caught those sulky looks from across the room in LA. But
I'm here now and I need you. Be my side pussy Jeremy. Give me what my
man can't. Take what you can get. I think we both know you may not get
this again otherwise."


By this point I was panting, moaning and mewling with every thrust. My
dick was straining. Not quite at 6 inches but I think the closest it's
ever gotten. I wanted him to breed me, and I wanted it again. And again.
He was right. I wanted him, and was willing to take the scraps that I
could. He started pounding into me again hard.


"Say it. Tell me what you want."


I answered without saying a word, because my dick exploded all over my
chest and stomach, a dam breaking in my mind.


He laughed.


"Well that's one way to answer. Damn baby, you really want me."


"I do," I yelled. "I always have! I'll keep your secrets. I'll be
your secret. Just breed me please."


His thrusts became a crescendo.


"Let's seal the deal then. I'm going to cum in your pussy. Get ready,
slut, I'm about to cum. Gonna breed you deep. FUCK! Take it!"


And with one final thrust he plunged all the way in and let out a long
moan of satisfaction. I could feel his thick dick throbbing inside as he
unloaded pulse after pulse of cum deep inside me.


He collapsed on top of me panting. I could feel his heart beating out of
his chest, his smooth hairless muscled pound, wet with sweat and warm
against mine. It was the closest I've ever felt to love, completely
blissed out, brain dead fuck me.


He raised his head from the crook of my shoulder, his normally arrogant
expression almost grateful.


"Fuck, baby. I really needed that. You're mine now."


He leaned in and brought his mouth to mine, his tongue slipping into mind
and deeply exploring every inch of me. It was like no time had passed
since that electric first kiss that kicked everything off years ago. I
knew in that moment, I was well and truly fucked. I would do anything
this narcissistic, toxic asshole wanted me to. As long as I could feel
that again.



