Date: Thu, 2 Apr 2026 20:01:46 -0700
From: Jan none <janmay6969@gmail.com>
Subject: Linda Becomes a Prostitute (Lesbian /Prostitution, oral, anal, F/FFF)

This story is a work of fiction and contains descriptions of explicit
sexual acts between women.  If this type of content offends you or you are
under the age of 18 do not read it.

If you enjoy Nifty, please make your donation to Nifty Archive Alliance to
help keep the site running and stories available.

Copyright 2026 Jan, all rights reserved.

You may contact me at janmay6969@gmail.com if you like.  All flames will be
ignored.

			Linda Becomes a Prostitute
				    By
				    Jan

	My story was rather common for a lot of women until I met Iris.  I
lived the middle-class life of a working-class girl.  My parents worked
hard to buy an old two-story home in a quiet working -class neighborhood.
When I was born my mother had a C-section delivery because I had stuck a
leg through her womb damaged enough to have to have it removed.  I was
destined to be an only child.

	I was an above average student in school and competed as a swimmer
for a club from the first grade until high school when I competed for the
school's swim team.  I studied the piano and was selected as a majorette
and became the drum major as a senior.  I was sought after by several
colleges and universities and chose to attend our State's University.

	The expense for a university education was difficult for my parents
to cover, but they managed.  If it wasn't for me being a good swimmer a
getting a athletic scholarship I would not have been pledged to a sorority.
I couldn't afford the wardrobe of the girls from the wealthy families.  I
met my husband during my sophomore year and we married as soon as I
received my economics degree.  I was married at twenty-two, and had two
sons and a daughter by twenty-six.  I got a job working for the State
accounting office.  It was a boring dead-end job.  My husband became and
engineer for the State flood control district.

	Even with the two of us working it was a struggle for us to buy our
first home.  It was the only two-story four bedrooms home on the block.
The master bedroom overlooked the property of our neighbor to our left.  I
continued to work as long as I could but the demands of being a mother
forced me to quit work to be a mother and homemaker.  On wash days, while
making the beds I could look down on the home to our left from into master
bedroom window.  I could see the woman when she got home.

	I introduced myself to her as Linda, and she told me that her name
is Iris.  I learned that she was a registered nurse (RN).  She worked for
the local Methodist Hospital.  And worked long hours and different shifts
every week.  So, there were weeks when she was home for a couple of weeks
during the day that she had to sleep and do whatever that needed to be done
around the house.  I became friends with her, and I offered to check her
mail and help her around the house.

	I noticed that on her days off she would get dressed up and drive
away for hours.  I assumed she was dating someone.  I was curious why men
didn't call on her if she was dating.  I didn't ask her about her dates
until we had become good friends.  One afternoon I finally asked her:
"Iris, I have noticed that you often get dressed up like you're dating
someone but they never pick you up?"

	Iris smiled coyly: "I'm not sure I should tell you about my side
job."

	It struck me as strange that she would get dressed up like a date
for a side job?  "What kind of job calls for you to wear a tight cocktail
dress and high heels?"

	"Linda, I'm afraid to tell you because I might lose your friendship
or you might tell the neighbors."

	That statement made me even more curious: "What could be so bad
that you must keep it secret from your friends?  Are you a prostitute?"

	Iris smiled sheepishly: "Yes, only my customers are women."

	That stunned me and left me speechless for a moment.  Iris asked:
"Are we still friends?"

	I guess so, but I would have never suspected that you would be a
lesbian prostitute.  How did you become interested in that kind of work?"

	Iris told me that she discovered that she was a lesbian while
studying to become a nurse.  Her teacher liked her and invited her to
dinner and seduced her.  And while she was working in the hospital one of
her parents offered her an opportunity to earn extra money by dating older
women willing to pay for an evening out with me.

	I thought about what she told me, and I couldn't resist reaching
over and feeling Iris's tit.  She kissed me on the mouth and felt one of my
tits.  We started embracing each other while we were sitting on the couch.
Iris was a strikingly beautiful woman.  She was about five-foot four-inches
and only weighed 110 pounds of creamy flesh colored skin.  Her hair was a
shiny raven black that cascaded down her back in soft waves, and she had
big brown eyes.  She could easily have been a professional model.  I was
physically built much like her.

	Of course, the birth of my two boys had changed my weight from 110
to 125 pounds, and we were about the same heights, and motherhood had
increased my breasts from a C to DD.  I'm a natural brunette with hazel
eyes.  We took turns removing each other's clothes off while we kissed each
other and continued kissing each other.  When we removed each other's
braziers, we felt them and sucked on our nipples.  When we removed our
panties, I discovered that Iris shaved her pubic hair into a narrow landing
strip about three inches long and all their hairs were and even half inch
long.  In my case I only shaved enough hair to ensure that no hairs would
ever be exposed sticking out of my panties.  We laid back and masturbated
each other.  Iris slid to the floor and knelt between my legs and placed
her hands on my thighs and she paused for a moment before she started
licking my pussy.  It was breathing talking to feel her mouth on my pussy.
She was very skillful at sucking pussies and her tongue was causing my
clitoris to feel like she was going to make me pee until I had an orgasm
that caused my body to shake uncontrollably.  When I recovered, I proceeded
to change positions with her and I did to everything she had done to me.
When it was over I had time to think.

	My husband and I only had his income to rely on now.  We could
always use extra money.  I asked: "Do you think I could earn extra money
doing what you're doing."

	Iris smiled: "Have you had sex with another female before?"

	I smiled: "I had sex with girlfriends in high school and in college
I dated girls and had an affair with a female professor.  So, sucking the
pussy of an older woman wouldn't bother me."

	Iris told me how to set up my web page on Greglist before she had
to get dressed or her date.

	It didn't take long, just a couple of days before I was contacted
by a woman.  Iris had told me everything I needed to know to ensure that it
was really a woman and not an undercover cop.  We agreed on when I could
meet her.  I assured her that I could only visit her when my two boys were
at school.  We talked for at least a half hour and we agreed on the date,
time, and pace I would meet her.  I had to talk it over with Iris.

	I didn't own the kind of undergarments and cocktail dresses.  Ser
and I selected appropriate panties, nylons, pumps, and dresses, but I was
going to have to buy a bra for myself.  For the time being going without a
bra in her dress would be fine.  When the day arrived, I got my husband and
boys off to work and school as usual, and went next door to change and
drive to the cocktail lounge to meet the woman.  I saw her on the computer
but when I saw her, I realized the computer didn't do her Justas.  The
woman could have been anywhere between fifty and sixty years old but she
looked younger and looked regal.  The suit she was wearing was obviously
custom made.  She carried herself like a professional model.  The suit she
was wearing complemented the silver in her dark hair.  It was a silver-gray
coat with a skirt that was just long to cover her knees.  The nude
stockings showed off that she still had shapely legs.  That looked great in
four-inch heels.  She was wearing a lavender scarf around her neck that was
tucked into the suit.  All that was visible was the long gold dangling
earrings that showed off her long neck.  The gold chain around her neck was
barely visible.  The minute she saw me the smile on her face told me she
was pleased.

	I approached her and she moved from the barstool and we found a
table for two where we could talk without having to compete with the dance
music.  I thought Barry Manilow's music was a little out of date and there
was Mary Lambert and k.d. lang but while we were talking, I noticed that
the couples on the dance floor were women.  I became aware this was a
lesbian establishment.  She even asked me to dance with her.  We didn't
dance long before she suggested that we go to her home.  She gave me the
address in case we got separated.  I managed not to get stopped by a
traffic light.

	When she slowed down and made a turn into a narrow road it was
close to a mile before I saw a building that looked like it could have been
the governor's mansion.  When we entered her home there was only one staff
member that created us.  She acted as if she was accustomed to her employer
bringing home your prostitutes.  She simply led the way upstairs to her
bedroom and turned down the covers for us, and she asked if there was
anything else required?  The woman told her maid: "Bring us an ice bucket
with a magnum of Champlain and two glasses!"

	As the maid left, she started taking my clothes off.  She enjoyed
removing my sexy cocktail dress.  I was only wearing self-supporting nylons
and three-inch-high heeled black pumps.  She stood close to me and placed
the palm of her right-hand palm up on my crotch and rubbed the crease
between labia.  The contact with my clitoris stimulated me and my vagina
was leaking copious amounts of bodily fluid.  When she was satisfied that
her hand was sufficiently covered with my bodily fluid, she withdrew her
hand and smelled the slimy fluid.

	The maid returned with the items required and used a T-towel to
hold the chilled bottle and removed the wire and silver foil from the cork
and poured two glasses for u and returned the bottle to the ice bucket.
And stood there with her hands behind her back waiting to be dismissed.

	Only the woman told the maid to have a seat, and she sat on the
vanity chair in front of the dressing table.  The woman had no shame as she
proceeded to take off her suit and handed it to the maid.  The maid set
about hanging it up on wooden hangers to air out. As each item of clothes
was handed to her, she carefully deposited in the addling bathroom.  When
she was naked the maid helped her stepped onto the harness of a strap-on
dildo.  When she had sinched it up tightly, she returned to the chair to
watch her employer fuck me missionary style and play with my tits until I
experience an orgasm.  When I recovered, she helped me stand and turned me
around and bent me face down across the bed and took hold of my hips and
drove the dildo up my ass.  She hammered my ass long enough for the rubber
nub banging against her clitoris until she had an orgasm.  When she
withdrew the dildo, she had the maid accompany us into her adjoining
bathroom and draw water into the bathtub big enough for three people and
she turned on the air jets.  The maid knelt by the tub to scrub our bodies
and used big soft bath towels dry our bodies when we got out

	When we returned to the bedroom I got dressed and the woman put a
robe on and left four one-hundred-dollar bills on the nightstand.  The maid
walked me to my car and wished me a good evening.

	The next day Iris came over after her family left and asked me all
about the date.  Just listening to the story turned her on and she went to
the kitchen floor and ate my pussy for me.


If you enjoyed the story and have a story you want me to write about your
introduction to the world of female sexuality, please send your outline to
janmay6969@gmail.com

If you enjoy Nifty, please make your donation to Nifty Archive Alliance to
help keep the site running and stories available.
