Date: Fri, 03 Apr 2026 11:12:25 +0000
From: thebazer <thebazer@proton.me>
Subject: The bus stop chapter 4

The bus stop chapter 4


I honestly wasn't expecting what happened next . As requested, or what
we both had decided, I continued to give Daniel blowjobs and after he had
recovered from his blow job, I then played with his bum hole which he
loved. During this latter activity, I usually had a wank.


"Bryan, I'm still feeling bad that I don't play with your dick. Don't
get too excited I haven't changed my mind. There's no way I would
actually want to put my hands,  never mind my mouth anywhere near a
man's cock."

" Daniel I told you I understand - in fact many years ago a gay friend
of mine gave me a blowjob when I was drunk and then I was expected to
give him one but as soon as I got my mouth near his cock I vomited. He
wasn't cross because he knew I wasn't gay. He wasn't annoyed and
actually laughed. So honestly, don't worry about it."

" yes, but I've had an idea..... I said I don't want to touch you with
my hands or my mouth, but there's some other part of me I don't think
I'd mind touching your dick."


Now this was getting interesting and I was pretty certain I knew where it
was going, but I asked him anyway " Daniel I'm confused you're going
to have to explain"

I had realised a while ago that Daniel was rather a master manipulator.
Not that I minded being manipulated. The result usually gave me a lot of
pleasure!

" I must admit, I'm rather surprised that you didn't mind putting your
finger in my bum hole.... But I was wondering if you might like to put
your dick there instead, seeing as you like to have a wank while doing it
. And as I've said before, your dick isn't enormous, not like those
blokes in the porn videos"


I don't think this new of suggestion of Danielle`s was actually
designed to give me pleasure. I think he actually wanted my dick in his
bum hole but he was manipulating me again, but then as I said before, I
don't mind being manipulated when I get something pleasant out of it! I
guess I'm manipulating him as well. But still I decided not to make it
easy for him.....

" Daniel, I have never fucked a bum hole before and I'm not sure it's
something I actually want to do" this last statement couldn't have been
further from the truth. I would be in 11th heaven if I could fuck Daniel.
But I wanted it to be his suggestion, not mine. " and besides" I
continued "even though my dick isn't enormous it's still thicker than
my finger and it might hurt you, and I certainly would not want to hurt
you just for my pleasure" at this stage I was pretty certain it wasn't
solely my pleasure that was on his mind. I think he genuinely wanted to
have his bum fucked.

" Daniel, you don't have to be embarrassed if you want me to bum you,
you must let me know. I adore you and I've told you before I will do
anything for you"

" well if you've never bummed a boy before, how do you know if you
would or wouldn't like it? And I've never been bummed before so I
don't know if I would like it. The only way to find out is for us to try
- what do you reckon?"

Well, I think I could now have the title of master manipulator as that
couldn't have gone better!

" for sure Daniel of course we can try, when do you want to do it?
now?"

" now, before either of us changes our minds!"


It had been a good 10 minutes since our last activity and we were just
lying side-by-side cuddling.

" in the porn videos the ones I like best is when the guy that's being
bummed is on his hands and knees. Can we do it that way - it's called
doggy style?"

Of course I knew all about doggy style. I just smiled and said "right
Daniel, get into position, mate."

I'd hardly finished the last word and he was in position with his bum
pointing straight at me. What a gorgeous sight. I forgot to mention
before that another part of the vision that turned me on was the little
ridge of  skin that runs from ball sac along his perinium.

I got on my knees behind him and generated a lot of spit. This I let fall
out of my mouth and onto his little hole. I used my index finger to rub
the spit in and around his hole. I got more spit and rubbed it onto my
dick. I edged up closer to him and put the tip of my dick at his hole.

" okay Daniel, are you sure this is what you want - you better tell me
because once I start, I probably won't be able to stop"

" just get on with it please, but go slowly"

I didn't need to be told to go slowly. I was having great difficulty not
shooting my load. This was such an exquisite feeling, the likes of which
I have never experienced in my life.

Having been finger fucked about 10 minutes earlier his hole was a little
bit looser than it ordinarily would have been. I held my dick with my
right hand and started gently pushing it in. I was amazed when it
actually went in about half a centimetre before he squealed. "bloody
hell that hurts!" he almost shouted " but don't stop. Just wait a few
seconds and push some more"

This is exactly what I did and on the second push I went in little bit
further and maybe another centimetre. I was seriously struggling to keep
control. I was sure I was about to squirt. It took all my powers of
concentration not to do so. I stopped and said to him " how does that
feel?"

" it still hurts but not as much and it's actually starting to give me
a great feeling. Start going in and out."

His wish is my command. I pulled all the way out. I had in the meantime
generated a lot more spit and I put that on his little hole. I worked it
in with my finger and immediately replaced my finger with my dick. With
the next thrust, I went in as far as I could - all of my 6 inches was in
him. He was whimpering and moving a lot. I had to hold him tight by the
hips. His whimpering wasn't that of pain but more of pleasure I think.

Again it took all my power of concentration not to squirt my load but I
gently eased myself almost all the way out and then pushed all the way
back in.I kept doing this and the whole that time Daniel was making
appreciative noises and then he said " this is so fucking fantastic.
Keep going, go a bit harder"

I was sure I was going to lose it, but amazingly enough I didn't and I
started to thrust quite a lot harder in and out, in and out. It was
wonderful hearing my body slap against his bum. We started to get a
rhythm going, with Daniel pushing back at the same time I was pushing in.
He was clearly loving this. He was furiously wanking himself.

"Bryan I'm cumming!" And with that I felt his rectum become like a
vise and we both had our orgasmic contractions at the same time, we
couldn't have planned it better, both of us shooting our loads at the
same , me inside him and him across the bed.

Daniel flopped onto his belly, which was a bit disappointing because I
plopped out of him. We were both breathing very heavily. I sat back and
then came and lay beside me and snuggled up close.

" I don't know about you Bryan, but that was the best thing I've ever
done. I hope you enjoyed it too" he said

"Me enjoy it?" I asked incredulously "That would be an absolute
understatement Daniel I fucking loved it!"

"Really?" he looked up at me "you promise?"

" of course I promise" I smiled at him " in fact, I enjoyed it so much
that tomorrow we're going to do that immediately after your blow job,
forget about fingering your hole. I want need to wank myself while I look
at your bum. If of course that's what you would like?"

" now that, how do you say it? would be an understatement!" he laughed.

I moved across and kissed him. I didn't think he would object and he
didn't. His mouth opened and our tongues met, it was fantastic.

I don't know about Daniel, but I was definitely in love.


