Date: Tue, 31 Mar 2026 12:01:36 +0000
From: thebazer <thebazer@proton.me>
Subject: The bus stop chapter 3

The bus stop chapter 3

Daniel stopped by most days after school . Occasionally he had other
commitments, but most days he tried to come, sometimes even on the
weekends if at all possible. The weekends were the best because he had
much more time.

I won't describe what we did. It was pretty much the same each time.

I didn't want to push things. I certainly didn't want to scare him off
because I was more than satisfied with what we were actually doing.

However, one day he initiated a change in our procedures ....

"Bryan, how come you never ask me to do stuff for you? I will if you
want, but you will have to tell me what you want."

"Daniel, believe me I am more than happy with what you do for me by
letting me suck your dick but I will let you into a little secret. As
soon as you've gone I have the most wonderful wank."

He thought this was hilarious and laughed and laughed and laughed.

When he had calmed down, he said  "okay but if there is something I can
do, please tell me. I will be honest and tell you that I'm not really
that keen on touching your dick; not that I've seen it but I'm only
into boys I think, rather than men."

" Oh I totally agree. I couldn't do anything with a man. I only like
boys as well"

Well, I understood he didn't want anything to do with my privates, but
he also did say he would do something for me if I asked and there was
something he could do for me that won't involve him touching my men
bits.....I wonder what his reaction would be if I asked if I could look at
his bum hole while I wanked myself. It's not as if either of us would
get embarrassed if I did actually suggest this so I thought, why not;
I'm going to suggest it.

" is that all?" he looked surprised " you want to see my hole and when
you look at it, you're going to have a wank?"

"Yep"

" I can do that, no problem. What would you like me to do?"

" How about we go to the bedroom? I sit on the bed with my back against
the headboard with my legs out straight. You face the same direction, get
on your knees and put your legs on either side of my legs. You then bend
forward. This will open things up a bit and I will be able to see your
hole perfectly. And if you don't mind me doing it, I'd like to fondle
your bum at the same time"

He could hardly talk, he was giggling. " let's go then!"


We went through to the bedroom and I got undressed. He was already naked
having had his blowjob.

" I'm not being rude, but I was expecting your dick to be much bigger
than that"

"don't worry about it. I know it's not small small. It's exactly the
same as the average I believe. 6 inches"

" All the men in the porn I watch have got enormous cocks. I guess
that's the main reason I wasn't too keen doing anything to you because
I don't think I'd like anything to do with a huge cock."

" no offence taken"

By this time I had taken up the position and had him kneeling in front of
me. I was not disappointed. His little hole was more of a slit than a
hole. It was probably just under 1 cm long. The centimetre surrounding it
was a slightly darker colour but not much, it was very clean.

" Daniel, you have no idea how beautiful that sight is" and indeed it
was. I was in a trance. My cock wasn't however, it was probably the
hardest it has ever been. I am right-handed so I started to give myself a
wank with that but with my left hand, I gently caressed his bum cheeks.

Daniel started to contract the muscles of his bum so his little slit
became animated. It was incredible.

" is my hole changing shape?"

" it certainly is, keep going, this is wonderful"

This was too much for me. I had only done about 30 strokes of my wank
when I started to shoot. Daniel obviously sensed it was over because he
turned round and grinned at me and said "that didn't take you very long
did it?"

I asked him to go and get the tissues from the sitting room. When he
returned and gave them to me, he jumped on the bed next to me and
snuggled up while I mopped up.

" so did you enjoy looking at my hole?"

" I haven't seen many boy's holes in my life, but yours is probably
the best one I will ever see!"

" I wouldn't have minded if you touched it you know. I mean of course,
if that's what you wanted to do. Would you want to touch it?"

" Daniel, I won't do anything you don't want me to do"

" Actually I'm going to tell you a secret now. Not always, but
sometimes when I have a wank, I rub my hole. It's a great feeling."

" Of course it is. A bum hole has got lots of nerve endings on it"

"So? Do you want to touch it? I don't mind if you do in fact, I think
I'd quite like it."

"Seriously?"

"Very seriously!"

"Fanfuckingtastic - get in position you beautiful boy!"

He didn't need to be told twice. He was back on his knees in front of me
within half a second I reckon. It didn't take me long to get stuck into
pleasuring us both. Having come just a few minutes before, I wasn't
bothering about having an orgasm, but I was going to enjoy playing with
his hole. So I used the index finger of my right hand to stroke up and
down across his slit. Obviously, he was dry so it wasn't going to go
inside him. His writhing movements were clear evidence that he was
thoroughly enjoying the attention his hole was getting. I put both hands
on his legs and pulled him closer to me. I was now able to move my left
hand around and give him  wank while I was using my right hand to stroke
his little bum hole. We were both thoroughly enjoying this. I thought
I'd try going a little bit further; he could only stop me. I spat onto
my index finger and placed it at the entrance and tried to push slowly.
He was incredibly tight, but I did manage to get it into the first
knuckle.

"Ow! That hurts" he complained

I took my finger out.

"I didn't say stop!" he admonished.

I spat on my finger again and pushed it back into him. This time my
finger went in a little bit further and I left it there for a few seconds
then I rotated it 90° right and left, moving it backwards and forwards.
He was clearly loving this. I took my finger out and put a huge amount of
spit on it and then pushed it back in again. This time it went in as far
as it could. I began to slowly finger fuck him with my right hand while I
wanked him with my left hand. He was making very loud appreciative
noises.

"Aaagh! Please don't stop that is fucking amazing!"

I didn't need to be told twice. I too was loving this. Watching my
finger go in and out of him with his little balls below and his gorgeous
bum cheeks on other side was such an incredible sight. All I needed now
was a third hand to stroke my furious hard on!

His bum was already very tight, but then suddenly it got even tighter as
I think he was about to climax. I could feel the spasms. He had clearly
shot his load.

Reluctantly, I removed my finger. We both sat there panting for about two
minutes.

I reached for the box of tissues and wiped my finger off and also his
hole and gave him a few tissues to wipe his cock. He then flopped down
next to me. I put my arms around him and kissed him on the mouth. This
time though he didn't keep his mouth shut he let me put my tongue in and
he reciprocated with his tongue. It was wonderful. He then pulled away
after a few seconds and smiled at me.

" I don't know which was better, that or a blowjob" he laughed.

" it doesn't really matter because guess what? I'm happy to do both
blowjobs and finger fucking your bum any time you want!"



Now that I've discovered Daniel likes fingers in his bum, I began to
wonder  if he would like a cock in his bum. I'm thinking that as long as
the cock isn't enormous then he might just like that. And he and I both
know somebody that doesn't possess any enormous cock!


